README.md, before:

# ESP8266-WiFi-Client-with-Wireless
Combined WiFi and Wireless Client Side with optional GUI for PC, Tablet or Mobile.

Oscars to Marco Schwartz for his original aREST modules and to Suat Özgür and his team for RCSwitch - modifications Dave Clapham.
Appliances, Lights etc may be switched via WiFi & Wireless using the ESP8266 (one port) or ESP8266-12e nodeMCU device multiple ports.

Optionally add 433Mhz transmitter ($1) to build an inhouse Wireless cell network to also drive wireless devices such as sockets, 
garage doors, awnings etc.

Message format for relays : ip address /digital/gpio pin #/ On or Off (0 or 1)
example : 192.168.0.100/2/0  so ON command to relay on gpio 2 

Message format for wireless : ip address /wireless/wireless socket number + 20 / Off or On (0 or 1)
example : 192.168.0.100/22/0  so OFF command directed to wireless socket #2 (on/off notation reversed)

If using the GUI just enter the ip address on your PC, Tablet or mobile e.g.   http://192.168.0.100/
Use GUI buttons for on and off relays, pulse for aircon for pulsed on/off, wireless for 315/433mhz wireless devices
Import required libraries

Commit message:

Update to ESP8266-12e instructions
Added pinouts for ESP8266-12e (so called kit module)

README.md, after:

# ESP8266-WiFi-Client-with-Wireless
Combined WiFi and Wireless Client Side with optional GUI for PC, Tablet or Mobile.

Oscars to Marco Schwartz for his original aREST modules and to Suat Özgür and his team for RCSwitch - modifications by me Dave Clapham.
Appliances, Lights etc may be switched via WiFi & Wireless using the ESP8266 (one port) or ESP8266-12e nodeMCU device multiple ports.

Use the cheap optically coupled rlays that are available in various size boards as 1, 2, 4, 8 or 16 relays. Add 433Mhz transmitter ($1) to build an inhouse Wireless cell network to also drive wireless devices such as sockets, garage doors, awnings etc. on the basic ESP8266-1 module connect the relay to D2 and the Wireless module TX data to D0.

Or build a seperate Wireless RC transmission unit using ESP8266-12e module as a centralised transmission point in the home. Connect transmitter to DO (GPIO16), if you also want an ON/OFF relay connect to D2 (GPIO4) and if you also want a 500ms pulse output connect relay to D1 (GPIO5). The 433Mhz antenna should be 17.2 cms in length and can be coiled for only short distances but a straight antenna gives a far superior range.
 
Message format for relays : ip address /digital/gpio pin #/ On or Off (0 or 1)
example : 192.168.0.100/2/0  so ON command to relay on gpio 2 

Message format for wireless : ip address /wireless/wireless socket number + 20 / Off or On (0 or 1)
example : 192.168.0.100/22/0  so OFF command directed to wireless socket #2 (on/off notation reversed)

If using the GUI just enter the ip address on your PC, Tablet or mobile e.g.   http://192.168.0.100/
Use GUI buttons for on and off relays, pulse for aircon for pulsed on/off, wireless for 315/433mhz wireless devices
Import required libraries
